README.md, before:

# EvvGC - Open Source 3 axis gimbal controller #

#### NOTICE: BUILDABLE, currently in TESTING, runs on both 1.2 and 1.3 hardware

Port from initial Keil source to Eclipse of firmware for EvvGC 3/2axis Brushless Gimbal Controller

## Experimental branch requires the use of GUI 0.4 #
See GUI directory for latest version

#### GUI instructions ####
In order to convert some eeprom values to support this version
you need to accomplish the following

- disconnect motors
- Load the new firmware via UART1 (remember NO LIPO power!!!)
- disconnect UART1 and connect your usb/serial adapter to UART4
- with motors disconnected, load the new GUI 0.4 via the GUI directory above
- click the config on button
- then read the values from the eeprom
- write these old values down incase you need to revert back!!!
- you'll need to adjust only the "P" values.  Take what is read and multiplying each by 10
  e.g. .12 would be 1.20
- lastly adjust the bottom right value in the gui that sets any roll offset to 0.0
- write the new parameters
- click read and verify that everything was written correctly
- disconnect your usb/serial adapter from UART4
- connect motors and power up, and use as you wish


## Setting Up Windows Build Environment ##

You may setup your development environment using Cygwin (terminal emulator for windows) by follow the 
tutorial Documentation/devEnvSetupEclipse.md

#### OR ####

You may setup your development environment in a more simple manner, not needing the full Cygwin by
following the tutorial Documentation/devEnvSetupNoCygwin.md

Commit message:

updated master branch with 0.4 release

README.md, after:

# EvvGC - Open Source 3 axis gimbal controller #

#### NOTICE: BUILDABLE, currently in TESTING, runs on both 1.2 and 1.3 hardware

Port from initial Keil source to Eclipse of firmware for EvvGC 3/2axis Brushless Gimbal Controller

## Master branch, firmware v0.4 requires the use of GUI 0.4 #
See GUI directory for latest version

#### GUI instructions ####
In order to convert from the 0.3x firmware to the 0.4 firmware some eeprom values
have to be changed to support this version and you need to accomplish the following

- disconnect motors
- Load the new firmware via UART1 (remember NO LIPO power!!!)
- disconnect UART1 and connect your usb/serial adapter to UART4
- with motors disconnected, load the new GUI 0.4 via the GUI directory above
- click the config on button
- then read the values from the eeprom
- write these old values down incase you need to revert back!!!
- you'll need to adjust only the "P" values.  Take what is read and multiplying each by 10
  e.g. .12 would be 1.20
- lastly adjust the bottom right value in the gui that sets any roll offset to 0.0
- write the new parameters
- click read and verify that everything was written correctly
- disconnect your usb/serial adapter from UART4
- connect motors and power up, and use as you wish


## Setting Up Windows Build Environment ##

You may setup your development environment using Cygwin (terminal emulator for windows) by follow the 
tutorial Documentation/devEnvSetupEclipse.md

#### OR ####

You may setup your development environment in a more simple manner, not needing the full Cygwin by
following the tutorial Documentation/devEnvSetupNoCygwin.md
